 Finding your next customer is hard. Why? Let us start from the beginning in order to get a lead. Marketers on average need 12 pieces of software to run a single campaign. You know. The kind of campaigns that have targeted ads, automated nurture campaigns, chat flows, email templates for sales, O&robust analytics, all of these tools just to get a lead to fill out a form. Then those leads need to be routed across the sales team to the right rep in the right territory. ASAP messy data and disjointed tools make this difficult and contribute to marketers wasting more than a quarter of their budget. All of this marketing, just to get a lead to sales next. It takes an average of 8 outreachs for a sales rep to schedule their first meeting yet. Just that first meeting during the demo, a sales rep needs to switch back and forth between taking notes, displaying slides and trying to showcase their product. Once the call ends, reps still have to transfer their notes into their CRM update their pipelines and follow up emails loop in more decision makers. The list goes on. In total sales, people spend two-thirds of their time on non-selling activities largely made up of collecting and correcting convoluted data. Every workflow, every campaign, every process has to start with data, data on prospects, data on customers, signals that can be activated into meaningful engagements. All of this process, just to make one single sale business to business spending accounts for over $30 trillion dollars each year. That's nearly two times consumer spending. So the fractured inconsistent and complex process of selling goods and services is more than an annoyance. It's a massive problem. It prevents marketers from marketing and sales people from selling and causes countless revenue opportunities to be lost. Along the way. An integrated go-to-market is essential for driving effective business growth, but few have tried to develop a connected system for revenue operations. Finding your next customer is hard, but the process doesn't have to be broken. Enter Zoom in Photos Rev OS The world's first fully integrated revenue operating system.